hello how welcome are you to a video blog
more as we know nature is
incredible and dyes of colors all this
creation today I am going to present
curiosities of nature full of
colors I'm the one who castrated we started
I
this species of grasshopper from here batch
a bicolor is known as a grasshopper
painted by the improbable that results
its colorful skeleton can be seen from
the north of texas and new mexico up
nebraska and montana usa given their scarce
number is not considered a plague for
the crops in these photographs are
You can appreciate its colorful body
painted only by nature
eucalyptus arcoiris this work of art
multicolored is the eucalyptus of glup
rosemary from mindanao better known as
eucalyptus rainbow a special tree already
that is the only one in the world with the
Wide variety of colors in its trunk
can be seen in new guinea new
brittany mindanao sulawesi since the
species is native to the northern hemisphere and
It is just the only eucalyptus
originating from that part of the world besides
of these beautiful colors can reach
up to 70 meters high
in nature if someone knows about
colors is the chameleon the chameleons
they change the color of their skin adapting
to the environment where they are
this does not mean that they can copy
any color or texture each of
they according to their species has the
ability to blend in with the environment
where they live or change color
as reaction or internal factors as
fear or irritation or factors
as external moisture and changes
of temperature on your skin there are four
layers each of them is sensitive to
different colors and the mixture of them
is what allows to deploy the great
quantity of tones and textures
the great prismatic fountain is
in the yellowstone national park is the
largest source of hot springs in the USA and
the third largest in the world the
bright colors in the prismatic fountain
they are the result of bacteria
pigmented in the biofilms that
grow around the edges the
bacteria produce colors that range from
the green to red in the summer the edges
they tend to be orange and red
while in the winter the rugs
They are usually dark green
the blue color that completes the range comes
of the high purity and depth of the water
in the middle of the fountain
without a doubt it is quite a show
the rainbow owl differs from others
owls for their peculiar feathers
multicolored unfortunately
is in danger of extinction
well nothing is not true this image as
the story of the rainbow owl is false and
it has spread through social networks
as something true but all this is
a lie and here we have the photograph
original where we see that it is a kind
owl that was retouched with
photoshop to give multicolored pens
Now that you know the truth, you can
die quiet
I hope you enjoyed this video you
you have marveled and you have learned
much more about nature if you want
a second volume well then give it a little hand
up and we make a second video about
this topic was not a better one I know better
share this video so that many more
marvel and learn from the
nature and this video and they love it
and everything else nice you know
recommend us thank you very much for watching
this video I will recommend you the
past video that have very little
visits and that the truth is incredible and
is a very important issue more than
interesting is important is about the
human zoos and about the tragedy
Well, life that the aborigines had
South Americans and that terrible experience
that has been forgotten in history
here I will leave the video of ne
click that I do not work I will also leave
the link so that they go visit it
what they share is something of the history that
we should all know and that therefore
it's very important I did it with a lot
honey and really want to really
it touched the story and I would like it
you know her too I am me
the one that castrated thank you very much for everything
up to the person
I hear mom
the family